# Clique_Bait_SQL_Project
This is my 8 week Sql Challenge Project Clique-Bait

# Introduction:
Clique Bait, founded by Danny, is an innovative online seafood store aiming to provide a seamless and enjoyable experience for seafood enthusiasts. As the founder and CEO, Danny recognizes the importance of leveraging data analysis to gain insights into the digital engagement, user behaviour, and overall performance of Clique Bait. This case study focuses on harnessing the power of data to analyse the dataset and devise innovative solutions, with a particular emphasis on calculating funnel fallout rates for the online store.

# Objective:
The primary objective of this analysis is to understand the dynamics of user interactions on the Clique Bait platform, from initial website visits to product views and ultimately, purchases. By examining various aspects of the dataset, the goal is to identify opportunities for optimization, enhance the user experience, maximize conversion rates and focus on highlighting potential areas for improvement and strategic decision-making.

# Tables used:
Five tables used in this case study.

Users: Customers(user_id) who visit the Clique Bait website are tagged via their cookie_id.
Events: Customer visits are logged in this events table at a cookie_id level and the event_type and page_id values can be used to join onto relevant satellite tables to obtain further information about each event.
Page Hierarchy: This table lists all of the pages on the Clique Bait website which are tagged and have data passing through from user interaction events.
Event Identifier: The event_identifier table shows the types of events which are captured by Clique Bait’s digital data systems.
Campaign Identifier: This table shows information for the 3 campaigns that Clique Bait has ran on their website so far.
ER Diagram:
CliqueBait_ERDiagram

# Problem Statements:
1. Your task is to determine the number of unique users who accessed the website.
2. Your task is to calculate the average number of cookies all users have on the platform.
3. Your role is to derive the unique number of visits by all users for each month.
4. Your task is to calculate the number of events for each event type.
5. Your task is to determine the percentage of visits that view the checkout page but do not have a purchase event.
6. You are entrusted with the task of identifying the top 3 pages on the platform that have garnered the most views.
7. Your task is to analyse the number of views and cart adds for each product category.
8. What is the percentage of visits which have a purchase event?
9. Your task is to identify the product category that hosts the maximum number of products.
10. Your task is to analyse user behaviour concerning product views and purchases.
11. Your task is to identify the most viewed and least viewed product on the website.
12. Your task is to identify the number of page views each campaign generated.
13. Your task is to calculate the total number of unique visits for each campaign.
14. Your task is to calculate the number of events recorded on each day in the "events" table.
15. Your task is to calculate the total number of Ad Impression and Ad Click generated by all users per month.
16. Your task is to determine the number of sessions each user had on the website.
17. Your task is to identify the number of users who have made a purchase and order them in descending order based on their order counts.
18. Your task is to analyse the user behaviour in terms of visiting the pages and identifying the page that each user visits the most.

#Check out the Answers
